{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Values
\b0  - Will have to confirm this, but anything that is under \'a35,000 has no restrictions regarding the security (Minus the garaging endorsement). Anything with KGM over \'a35,000 required a ground anchor to cover it for theft.\'a0\
\
However, given that the quote zone form doesn\'92t really make this clear, it\'92s a grey area. The option for now is to still use the price if it\'92s over \'a35,000, but to have that endorsement on the T\'92s and C\'92s page. Generally speaking, most are happy to get a ground anchor if they don\'92t already have one (Which most do as it happens) so it\'92s not a really big issue.\
\

\b Parking
\b0  - Spoken about this already, but TPFT/Comprehensive can only be offered if the vehicle is garaged. Anything else will default the calculator to TPO (Third Party Only).\
\
There are situations whereby they may allow to offer cover for theft if it\'92s not garaged, such as being kept in a barn a mile from their home address, but this is something that would be required to be manually referred to an underwriter at the insurers hence that can\'92t be calculated on an automatic basis as it\'92s first come first serve.\
\

\b AOD (Age of Driver) - 
\b0 Drivers have to be at least 19. Those that are 19-20 can ride any quad under 250cc. 21-22 can ride anything under 350 cc. 500cc and above needs drivers to be at least 25. (There may also be variables with the level of cover for AOD, but this will need to be confirmed).\'a0\
\
A few examples.\
\
A 32 year old wants cover on his Yamaha Raptor - DECLINE due to model.\
\
A 24 year old wants cover on his 400cc quad \'a0- This will be a maybe as it\'92ll parse the original criteria, but won\'92t provide a value in the calculator, hence the CRM will offer the call us option.\
\
A 22 year old wants cover on his 400cc quad - DECLINE conjunction age of driver and engine size.\
\
A 25 year old wants cover on his 600cc quad on a driveway - All criteria met but parking means calculator will default to the TPO option due to no cover for theft.\
}